readme.md, before:

# Starter Kit

[![Latest Version on Packagist][ico-version]][link-packagist]
[![Total Downloads][ico-downloads]][link-downloads]

<p align="center"><img src="./images/logo.png" width="300"/></p>

## Installation

Via Composer

``` bash
$ composer require luchavez/starter-kit
```

## Usage

## Change log

Please see the [changelog](changelog.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Testing

``` bash
$ composer test
```

## Contributing

Please see [contributing.md](contributing.md) for details and a todolist.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email jamescarloluchavez@gmail.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [James Carlo Luchavez][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

MIT. Please see the [license file](license.md) for more information.

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/luchavez/starter-kit.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/luchavez/starter-kit.svg?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/luchavez/starter-kit
[link-downloads]: https://packagist.org/packages/luchavez/starter-kit
[link-author]: https://github.com/luchavez-technologies
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors

Commit message:

Update starter-kit package with improved functionality and Laravel compatibility
Updated 'starter-kit' package strenghtening its functionlity and improving compatibility with Laravel 8, 9, and 10.
Below are the changes made.
1. Providers in StarterKit.php's changed comment line for more clarity.
2. Added a 'success' method to the UsesCommandCustomMessagesTrait.php file.
3. Messages are simplified in UsesCommandCustomMessagesTrait.php.
4. The variable SK_ENFORCE_MORPH_MAP in StarterKitServiceProvider.php is set to false.
5. Package versions in composer.json have been updated for compatibility.
6. Readme.md has been updated to give more detailed description and installation instructions.
7. Dependency versions have been updated in the readme.md file.
8. Changes made to support registration process of new providers for different version of Laravel in starter-kit-helper.php.

These changes will enhance the package's usability and effectiveness in project development.

readme.md, after:

# Starter Kit for Laravel 8|9|10

[![Latest Version on Packagist][ico-version]][link-packagist]
[![Total Downloads][ico-downloads]][link-downloads]

<p align="center"><img src="./images/logo.png" width="300"/></p>

The Starter Kit package is the counterpart of [Boilerplate Generator package](https://packagist.org/packages/luchavez/boilerplate-generator). This package is a required dependency since it will be used by the domains (DDD) and packages generated through "Boilerplate Generator".

## Installation

The straightforward way to install this package goes like this:
``` bash
composer require luchavez/starter-kit --with-all-dependencies
```

The preferred way is to install it is via another package called [luchavez/boilerplate-generator](https://packagist.org/packages/luchavez/boilerplate-generator).
```bash
composer require luchavez/boilerplate-generator --dev --with-all-dependencies
php artisan bg:install
php artisan bg:env:publish --all
```

## Dependencies

| Package                        | Packagist                                                                   |
|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `illuminate/support`           | [~8 or ~9 or ~10](https://packagist.org/packages/illuminate/support)        |
| `composer/composer`            | [^2.5](https://packagist.org/packages/composer/composer)                    |
| `laravel/telescope`            | [^4.15](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/telescope)                   |
| `sentry/sentry-laravel`        | [^3.6](https://packagist.org/packages/sentry/sentry-laravel)                |
| `hammerstone/fast-paginate`    | [^1.0](https://packagist.org/packages/hammerstone/fast-paginate)            |
| `spatie/laravel-query-builder` | [^5.2 or ^4.0](https://packagist.org/packages/spatie/laravel-query-builder) |

## Change log

Please see the [changelog](changelog.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Testing

``` bash
$ composer test
```

## Contributing

Please see [contributing.md](contributing.md) for details and a todolist.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email jamescarloluchavez@gmail.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [James Carlo Luchavez][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

MIT. Please see the [license file](license.md) for more information.

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/luchavez/starter-kit.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/luchavez/starter-kit.svg?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/luchavez/starter-kit
[link-downloads]: https://packagist.org/packages/luchavez/starter-kit
[link-author]: https://github.com/luchavez-technologies
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors
